#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade-requirements
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
bump-my-version==0.17.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bump-my-version
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   rich-click
coverage[toml]==7.4.3
    # via pytest-cov
django==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   openedx-events
django-config-models==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   openedx-events
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
newrelic==9.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-events==9.5.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via questionary
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.6.2
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via bump-my-version
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-stub
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-stub==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
questionary==2.0.1
    # via bump-my-version
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.7.3
    # via bump-my-version
ruff==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via bump-my-version
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-click
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
